[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
psychological horror film
the cell spoiler ahead watch out and
take care the police find a dead female
body in a river somewhere in a remote
area
so far they have found six cases with
six female victims
being murdered in the same abnormal way
it's revealed that the killer trapped
his female targets in a cell
made of glass where they were kept and
tortured brutally
the killer even used an automatic timer
to ensure that water would slowly fill
the cell
and bleach the body underwater what's
more he used a hoist to suspend himself
above those victims bodies
and enjoyed himself with the whole
execution process which would last for
as long as 48 hours
after that the killer took the bodies to
his home and made them into doll-like
puppets
the police speculate that the killer
must be extremely obsessed with dolls
after investigating the crime scene of
the seventh victim the detective peter
finds some useful evidence
the green paint that is supposedly
scratched down from a car
and a white hair that is shown under the
dna test coming from a dog with albinism
as only a small amount of dogs would
suffer that kind of disease
peter checks the dealing record and
quickly targets a man named carl
who owns a car in green color which is
matched exactly with the green paint
found at the crime scene at the same
time the police are reported with the
eighth murder case
where a young lady is kidnapped in the
same way
peter and his men locate carl's
residence soon and break
immediately for the rescue they received
no resistance
but only find carl lying on the floor
unconsciously
after a thorough search peter finds some
tools supposed to be used for the crime
and your footage as well showing images
of the struggling victims
carl is apparently treated as the murder
suspect and taken away for intensive
medical care
however later from the surveillance
camera the police are astonished to know
that rather than being confined inside
the same house
the eighth victim is placed somewhere
else in a dangerous situation
where she's about to be drowned by water
slowly filling the glass tank
knowing that there are only 40 hours
left for water to fill the whole tank
the police have to rush their
investigation on carl in order to rescue
the poor girl out before it's too late
unfortunately after a medical inspection
on carl
the doctor finds it unable to wake him
up from his coma due to his
schizophrenia
a rare disease that would make him stay
comatose and possibly suffer a memory
loss
even if he's awakened up forcibly the
doctor however
proposes to peter a virtual reality
experiment conducted by an institute
that could allow psychologists to enter
the coma patient's mind
and coax into their consciousness in
that way
they may hack into carl's comatose mind
and find some clues for the lost girl
later peter visits that institute and
asks for help
the professor catherine who takes charge
of this project
hesitates to take the mission at the
beginning for the treatment is still
experimental
and would cause some neurological damage
on the recipient
after learning of its importance to
rescue an innocent helpless victim
she chooses to accept it catherine is
later sent into carl's mind
she's then brought to a creepy hell like
castle in carl's dreamscape
where she later finds a timid young boy
who tries to approach her
but keeps some distance from her at the
same time
she follows the boy to a room and
notices a big horse
standing there she walks to the horse
and tries to be nice to it
moments later however as the bell stops
clicking the boy rushes to push
catherine away from the horse
which is cut into pieces in a second by
the glass cutters falling from the roof
catherine is shocked by that but finds
the little boy just leaves away after
saving her
catherine continues her search and later
comes to a room full of glass enclosures
she's frightened to find many female
dead bodies are locked inside
and made into puppets meanwhile a
muscular devil shows up behind her
stuns her in the head and takes her away
after she awakens she only finds herself
lying in a lobby
while the devil is standing next to her
like a king but with a gloomy face
he then approaches catherine and
attempts to make her one of those
doll-like puppets as well
in huge horror catherine presses the
escape button on her hand quickly
pulling herself back to reality after
her first contact
she gets to know the serial killer carl
is dominated by multiple cells
the little boy is actually the young
innocent carl while the muscular devil
is carl's adult self who has been
occupied with evils
to rescue the young girl catherine
enters into carl's dreamscape again
she finds the young carl in the kitchen
and gives him a little mirror
used to signal her when he's in danger
right then however the boy hides
catherine in the closet
and she gets to notice his carl's
sadistic father who abuses him once he
makes mistakes
carl grew up in such a sadistic family
and always suffered tortures and abuses
from his father
especially when the father noticed that
the mom allowed carl to play girly dolls
often
which however was definitely treated
abnormal and forbidden
the mom later left them but the father
never stopped his abuse of the little
carl
catherine comes to another scene which
is the place where the adult carl killed
the first girl
due to the long lasting abuses from his
father he's suffering schizophrenia
and turned to get obsessed with making
the dead female bodies into doll-like
puppets
catherine appeases the adult carl trying
to lead him out of the dark
and find any clue to the missing victim
but to no avail
the adult carl loses his control and
suddenly turns into the devil carl
who challenges her and knocks her out
immediately right before she can push
the button to escape his dreamscape
with a red flag flashing on their
screens the researchers noticed that
catherine gets in trouble in carl's mind
but they can't do anything to help her
out because the escape button is
designed for the recipient only
any forced disconnection from the mind
will inflict neurological damage on the
recipient's own body
she has to be awakened up in carl's
dreamscape and makes her escape herself
otherwise she would be locked there
forever without any choice
peter decides to risk his life to join
the experiment hoping to wake catherine
up in that way
soon porter is brought to carl's
dreamscape and finds everything as
creepy as hell there
following the flashlight reflected by
the mirror catherine gave to the young
carl
peter identifies catherine later in a
golden palace who is dressed up like a
gorgeous queen
and draws peter's attention however
the devil carl shows up from nowhere
instantly and overpowers peter before
taking him to a table for execution
where peter is tortured bloodily with
his guts pulled out one
by one while keeping himself awake
through the great pains
peter manages to reawaken catherine's
awareness by reminding her of something
significant and unforgettable to her
the next second catherine stabs the
devil carl at his back
causing him to disappear suddenly and
recover peter's injury
later peter and catherine are brought to
another scene
the young innocent carl shows up next to
a huge glass water tank
where the eighth female victim is locked
they check the mysterious symbols on the
tank carefully
and notices they must be the clue to
find the missing victim
right at that time however the devil
carl approaches near
and takes the little carl into the dark
missing the chance to rescue the
innocent carl
catherine and peter have to push the
escape button and come back to the real
world
later they locate a factory with the
same symbol shown on the water tank
and rescue the eighth victim enslaved in
an abandoned warehouse
on the other side hoping to rescue the
young carl catherine locks herself
in the lab and operates the experiment
device reversely
which brings the young carl into her own
mind world where it turns to be a sacred
paradise
without evils and pains the little carl
is more willing to get close to people
there
and confesses that he doesn't want to
witness more victims be killed anymore
however since he can't overpower the
devil carl in his dreamscape
he begs catherine to kill them both
which is the only way to stop the murder
of more female victims
right then however the devil carl
intrudes as a scaly snake man
and fights with catherine violently as
catherine is in control of her own mind
world
she overpowers the devil carl easily and
terminates him eventually
with a sword impaling his body meanwhile
the innocent carl also suffers
the same injury and dies later in
catherine's maternal arms
while the serial killer carl in reality
is confined in his comatose status
permanently
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out